Unpaid leave policy (#278)
niteoweb/handbook: 5_People/benefits.md

### Unpaid Vacation

If you've used up all your allocated vacation days, you can take more vacation days but they will be unpaid.

> Please ensure however, that your department and associated work will not suffer during your absence. Also, note that your quarterly profit share amount will be affected by the number of unpaid vacation days you take. See [Profit sharing](profit-sharing.md#present) for further details. On top of this, unpaid time off will reduce your monthly and yearly [allowance](https://github.com/niteoweb/handbook/blob/master/5_People/benefits.md#allowance-budget). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please ensure however, that your department and associated work will not suffer during your absence. Also, note that your quarterly profit share amount will be affected by the number of unpaid vacation days you take. See [Profit sharing](profit-sharing.md#present) for further details. On top of this, unpaid vacation will reduce your monthly and yearly [allowance](https://github.com/niteoweb/handbook/blob/master/5_People/benefits.md#allowance-budget). 
```

> If the unpaid time off exceeds six consecutive months, there should be an offboarding/onboarding process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the unpaid vacation exceeds six consecutive months, there should be an offboarding/onboarding process.
```

> If your unpaid time off exceeds 12 months, you will also need to resign your position but will have priority when/if you come back. The project team should be involved in the evaluation of the request though to prevent abuse.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your unpaid vacation exceeds 12 months, you will also need to resign your position but will have priority when/if you come back. 

The project team should be involved in the evaluation of unpaid vacation requests to prevent abuse.
```
